Source URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.discord/

Discord node # Use the Discord node to automate work in Discord, and integrate Discord with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Discord features, including sending messages in a Discord channel and managing channels. On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Discord node supports and links to more resources. Credentials Refer to Discord credentials for guidance on setting up authentication. This node can be used as an AI tool This node can be used to enhance the capabilities of an AI agent. When used in this way, many parameters can be set automatically, or with information directed by AI - find out more in the AI tool parameters documentation . Operations # Channel Create Delete Get Get Many Update Message Delete Get Get Many React with Emoji Send Member Get Many Role Add Roll Remove Templates and examples # Discord AI-powered bot by Eduard View template details Share YouTube Videos with AI Summaries on Discord by Mike Russell View template details Send a message with a Discord Bot by eem2188 View template details Browse Discord integration templates , or search all templates Related resources # Refer to Discord's documentation for more information about the service. What to do if your operation isn't supported # If this node doesn't support the operation you want to do, you can use the HTTP Request node to call the service's API. You can use the credential you created for this service in the HTTP Request node: In the HTTP Request node, select Authentication > Predefined Credential Type . Select the service you want to connect to. Select your credential. Refer to Custom API operations for more information. Common issues # For common errors or issues and suggested resolution steps, refer to Common Issues . Was this page helpful? Thanks for your feedback! Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our GitHub repo . Back to top