Source URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.microsoftoutlook/

Microsoft Outlook node # Use the Microsoft Outlook node to automate work in Microsoft Outlook, and integrate Microsoft Outlook with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Microsoft Outlook features, including creating, updating, deleting, and getting folders, messages, and drafts. On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Microsoft Outlook node supports and links to more resources. Credentials Refer to Microsoft credentials for guidance on setting up authentication. This node can be used as an AI tool This node can be used to enhance the capabilities of an AI agent. When used in this way, many parameters can be set automatically, or with information directed by AI - find out more in the AI tool parameters documentation . Operations # Calendar Create Delete Get Get Many Update Contact Create Delete Get Get Many Update Draft Create Delete Get Send Update Event Create Delete Get Get Many Update Folder Create Delete Get Get Many Update Folder Message Get Many Message Delete Get Get Many Move Reply Send Update Message Attachment Add Download Get Get Many Templates and examples # Create a Branded AI-Powered Website Chatbot by Wayne Simpson View template details Auto Categorise Outlook Emails with AI by Wayne Simpson View template details Phishing Analysis - URLScan.io and VirusTotal by n8n Team View template details Browse Microsoft Outlook integration templates , or search all templates Related resources # Refer to Outlook's API documentation for more information about the service. What to do if your operation isn't supported # If this node doesn't support the operation you want to do, you can use the HTTP Request node to call the service's API. You can use the credential you created for this service in the HTTP Request node: In the HTTP Request node, select Authentication > Predefined Credential Type . Select the service you want to connect to. Select your credential. Refer to Custom API operations for more information. Was this page helpful? Thanks for your feedback! Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our GitHub repo . Back to top