Source URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.microsoftteams/

Microsoft Teams node # Use the Microsoft Teams node to automate work in Microsoft Teams, and integrate Microsoft Teams with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Microsoft Teams features, including creating and deleting, channels, messages, and tasks. On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Microsoft Teams node supports and links to more resources. Credentials Refer to Microsoft credentials for guidance on setting up authentication. This node can be used as an AI tool This node can be used to enhance the capabilities of an AI agent. When used in this way, many parameters can be set automatically, or with information directed by AI - find out more in the AI tool parameters documentation . Operations # Channel Create Delete Get Get Many Update Channel Message Create Get Many Chat Message Create Get Get Many Task Create Delete Get Get Many Update Templates and examples # Create, update and send a message to a channel in Microsoft Teams by amudhan View template details Meraki Packet Loss and Latency Alerts to Microsoft Teams by Gavin View template details Create Teams Notifications for new Tickets in ConnectWise with Redis by Gavin View template details Browse Microsoft Teams integration templates , or search all templates Related resources # Refer to Microsoft Teams' API documentation for more information about the service. What to do if your operation isn't supported # If this node doesn't support the operation you want to do, you can use the HTTP Request node to call the service's API. You can use the credential you created for this service in the HTTP Request node: In the HTTP Request node, select Authentication > Predefined Credential Type . Select the service you want to connect to. Select your credential. Refer to Custom API operations for more information. Was this page helpful? Thanks for your feedback! Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our GitHub repo . Back to top