Source URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.awsses/

AWS SES node # Use the AWS SES node to automate work in AWS SES, and integrate AWS SES with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of AWS SES features, including creating, getting, deleting, sending, updating, and adding templates and emails. On this page, you'll find a list of operations the AWS SES node supports and links to more resources. Credentials Refer to AWS SES credentials for guidance on setting up authentication. This node can be used as an AI tool This node can be used to enhance the capabilities of an AI agent. When used in this way, many parameters can be set automatically, or with information directed by AI - find out more in the AI tool parameters documentation . Operations # Custom Verification Email Create a new custom verification email template Delete an existing custom verification email template Get the custom email verification template Get all the existing custom verification email templates for your account Add an email address to the list of identities Update an existing custom verification email template. Email Send Send Template Template Create a template Delete a template Get a template Get all templates Update a template Templates and examples # Create screenshots with uProc, save to Dropbox and send by email by Miquel Colomer View template details Send an email using AWS SES by amudhan View template details Detect web visitors country by IP address with uProc by Miquel Colomer View template details Browse AWS SES integration templates , or search all templates What to do if your operation isn't supported # If this node doesn't support the operation you want to do, you can use the HTTP Request node to call the service's API. You can use the credential you created for this service in the HTTP Request node: In the HTTP Request node, select Authentication > Predefined Credential Type . Select the service you want to connect to. Select your credential. Refer to Custom API operations for more information. Was this page helpful? Thanks for your feedback! Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our GitHub repo . Back to top